---
layout: post
title: My Tribute To Steve Jobs
tags:
- Steve Jobs
- Tribute
- Idol
- Apple
- Inspiration
- Inventor
- Death
- Legacy
- Legend
---
I woke up today and stared at Twitter on my phone as my timeline was filled
with tweets about "R.I.P. Steve Jobs", at first I thought it was just one of
those Internet rumors but as I started to read more tweets and open links it
was clear that it was true.

Steve Jobs is one of the best inventors and visionary person that has ever
lived, he has managed to speed-up the technology industry with this well
designed and amazingly unique products. He has managed to get the world better
connected, and helped people with their everyday life, even those with a
disability. It was only once him and Apple released a product that some other
company would do the same and release a similar product to try and compete,
but as it shows Steve is the one who does it best, iPad is the best tablet out
there and the iPhone is currently the best selling smartphone. He has built a
company with his bare hands and by putting lots of time and effort.

I just watched his speech at the 2005 Standford Commencement (I can't believe
I haven't seen this before), it is truly inspiring.

Chances are now that the speed at which technology advances will slow down,
Steve was the one who had amazing ideas and everything he bought out a new
product it would capture the worlds eyes, there is no one else who is like
him, he is one unique individual, I read many articles which said "if Steve
thought people wanted it" then he would do anything to do it and this worked.

Below are some of my favourite quotes by him:

> **"If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all
matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great
relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on."**

>

> ****"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's
thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner
voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and
intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything
else is secondary."****

>

> **"Death…the single best invention of Life. It’s life’s change agent. It
clears out the old to make way for the new."**

>

> **"Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish."**

He is one of my idols, and love the simple life he used to live, he is truly
awe-inspiring to me.

![](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lsn1gmDivo1qamsz8.jpg)

**“This was a very typical time. I was single. All you needed was a cup of tea, a light, and your stereo, you know, and that’s what I had.” —Steve Jobs**

Think Differently is amazing video which shows what Steve Jobs wanted to do
exactly:

One word comes to mind when someone says Steve Jobs now - **legend**.
Generations will use the legacy he left behind.

_Here are some links to other tributes and blog articles which I found are
good:_

  * [http://netspencer.com/stevejobs/](http://netspencer.com/stevejobs/)
  * [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/steve-jobs/8809997/Steve-Jobs-dies-live-blog.html](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/steve-jobs/8809997/Steve-Jobs-dies-live-blog.html)
  * [http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2011/10/06/nokias-elop-steve-jobs-legacy-will-endure-for-generations/](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2011/10/06/nokias-elop-steve-jobs-legacy-will-endure-for-generations/)
  * [http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304447804576410753210811910.html?mod=WSJEurope_hpp_LEFTTopStories](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304447804576410753210811910.html?mod=WSJEurope_hpp_LEFTTopStories)

