---
layout: post
title: How I'm living in the Cloud and loving it
tags:
- dropbox
- cloud
- google
- pinboard
- personal views
alias: /post/7531352211/how-im-living-in-the-cloud-and-loving-it
---
Firstly let me just say that the title maybe a little misleading, I haven't
completely moved to the cloud yet, the majority of the things I do on my
computer are done on the Cloud as well as the storage of my data.

Firstly for my files, I use [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/), I know there
has been a lot of rumours that Dropbox can look at our data well that is just
pure bullshit, plus if I had any sensitive information I encrypt it then copy
it to my Dropbox folder, Dropbox is one of the best Cloud services I have ever
used, I really don't know what I would do without it, it pretty much has all
my documents, my project files (Once a project has been finished I copy it to
my external HD).

Dropbox also come into play for my password management, I use a different
password on every single site, I'm very security conscious now, I think the
recent hacking teach us a lesson about password management, for example if I
find out that one of the password dumps had my login to the password I don't
have to have sleepless nights of worrying about my 100's of other accounts
because I'm using a completely unique password for each website. Because I use
a different password for each site it is important to me that I have all this
data synchronized across all my device, I have an iPhone and a Windows PC, so
I choose 1Password, with [1Password](http://agilebits.com/products/1Password)
it has been heaven managing all my passwords, one of the useful features of
1Password is it's ability to sync my password files and other secure notes
using Dropbox. Also 1Password uses AES Encryption Using OpenSSL, (go
[here](http://help.agilebits.com/1Password/agile_keychain_design.html) for
more info).

For my bookmarks, I used to use [Google Chrome
sync](http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=185277) option
but then I realised that if I go on a computer I wouldn't be connected to my
computer so I turned to [Pinboard](http://pinboard.in), I use two extensions
on Chrome, one is called [Pinboard For Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webst
ore/detail/geblijjkhblgfjmoldempogloilbfnkk) and [Pinboard](https://chrome.goo
gle.com/webstore/detail/nfccdohlgojifgadgnbjoejdfaalaehn). Even though you
have to pay for it, it is a very good service and I have my bookmarks where
ever I go. It is really worth it.

For my email and calendar I use [Google
services](http://www.google.com/about/), for email I do something very
special, because I have more than few email addresses it is a big hassle to
check email one everyday, so what I do is forward all the email to my main
@gmail.com address, and use the 'send as…' feature so I can send email as
other addresses depending on which email it was sent to first. Google
automatically sets this for you so you don't have to worry about it.

I also use [Google Calendar](http://google.com/calendar), this way I can
access what I have to be and where I have to be from anywhere I wish, Google
has become my personal assistant.

For photos I use [Google Picasa](http://google.com/picasa), the main reason I
use this is because my family lives on different parts of the Earth and now
that everyone of them are connected to the Internet, I can simply email them a
secret link which gives them accesses to a specific album. I don't yet use
anything for videos as I don't take videos just photos, but if I had to choose
a cloud service for videos, I would choose [YouTube](http://youtube.com), once
again it has the secret link feature and it is owned by Google. I trust Google
a lot because I don't see them going out of business and I don't think hackers
would mess with Google.

For notes I use 2 things, first one is [Evernote](http://evernote.com), it is
available to me on all the platforms I use, but thing I found was that it is
slow for me on the iPhone so I use an app on the iPhone called
'[Elements](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/elements-dropbox-powered-
text/id382752422?mt=8)', I use elements if I need to write down a very quick
note, it uses Dropbox as a syncing medium and creates .txt files which are
readable on all platforms.

For my to-do list I use a wunderful (Sorry, bad joke) thing called
[Wunderlist](https://www.wunderlist.com/), I love it! I can use it on Windows,
Mac, iOS and Andriod! Even though I only have iOS and Windows. The syncing is
beautiful and have all my tasks in folders and everything. Really useful and
now never forget to do anything.

I don't currently use anything for my music or films as I have a lot of it and
haven't found a service I like, if you have a suggestion please leave a
comment below.

Nor am I using any cloud service for documents and such, but in the future I
will be turning to Google again and using [Google
Docs](http://google.com/documents) as once again I can use it on any platform
I wish.

If you use any cloud services let me know and I will check them out. The main
things I look for in a cloud service is reliability, security and platform
compatibility, I don't want a service which I can use on platform, who the
hell would want that?

_Note: Monthly I take a backup of my Dropbox and Pinboard as I feel like it is
a nice thing to do and if for some reason the servers go down due to
datacenter problem, I don't have to worry as I have a backup._

